# Fall-2019-CS170-UCBerkeley-Project

This project solves a metric TSP problem on incomplete graphs with approximation factor of 2.0 (usually better empirically), by deploying an MST based approach. 
* [Link to project spec:](https://cs170.org/assets/project/spec.pdf) - read  section **"Problem Statement"** before importing

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. 

Type

```
git clone https://github.com/StefStroke/Metric-Travelling-Sellsman-Solver.git
```

in your local repository. Then you should have the project source code fully clone on your computer. There is no starter branch, and no unauthorized contributers and change the remote branch.

## Prerequisites

Interpreter you need to deploy

```
Python 3.7.0 or higher
```

Packages and libraries you need to install

```
pip/pip3
Python 3.7.0 or higher
NetworkX 2.4 or higher
HeapDict 1.0.1 or higher
Numpy 1.17.4 or higher
Decorator 4.4.1. or higher
```

The below instructions are narrated in terms of PyCharm CE 2019.1.3 functionalities. So it would only make sense if you have 

```
PyCharm 2019.1.3 (Community Edition)
```

installed on your local machine, or its profesional version counterpart. 

## Running the tests

The "meat" of our solver is in [solver.py](solver.py) file, [prims.py](prims.py) file, and [graph.py](graph.py) file.

Whereas [generator.py](generator.py) is primarily concerned with generating input files located in [inputs/](inputs/), specifically 

```
inputs/325_50.in
inputs/325_100.in
inputs/325_200.in
```

is generated by this file


So to run the tests, first open the project with PyCharm, then go to **"Edit Configuration"** tag in **"Run"** drop down on top of the interface. In text box **"Name:_____"**, type in as below:

```
Name: solver
     --------
```

and in text box **Parameters:______"** type in as below

```
Parameters: --all inputs outputs
          --------------------------
```

As a result the program will run all **.in** files in **inputs/** directory and put corresponding results in **outputs/** directory, in **.out** format, by executing the main function in [solver.py](solver.py), activating [output_validator.py](output_validator.py.py)

## Authors

* **Jinting Li** - [StefStroke](https://github.com/StefStroke)

* **Boyuan Ma** - [jerrymby](https://github.com/jerrymby)

See also the list of [contributors](https://cs170.org/staff/) - CS170 UC Berkeley Course Stuff and instrcutors

